DUE to the rapid growth of digital data made available in
recent years, knowledge discovery and data mining
have attracted a great deal of attention with an imminent
need for turning such data into useful information and
knowledge. Many applications, such as market analysis and
business management, can benefit by the use of the
information and knowledge extracted from a large amount
of data. 

Knowledge discovery can be viewed as the process
of nontrivial extraction of information from large databases,
information that is implicitly presented in the data,
previously unknown and potentially useful for users. Data
mining is therefore an essential step in the process of
knowledge discovery in databases.

In the past decade, a significant number of data mining
techniques have been presented in order to perform
different knowledge tasks. These techniques include association
rule mining, frequent itemset mining, sequential
pattern mining, maximum pattern mining, and closed
pattern mining. Most of them are proposed for the purpose
of developing efficient mining algorithms to find particular
patterns within a reasonable and acceptable time frame.
With a large number of patterns generated by using data
mining approaches, how to effectively use and update these
patterns is still an open research issue. In this paper, we
focus on the development of a knowledge discovery model
to effectively use and update the discovered patterns and
apply it to the field of text mining.

Text mining is the discovery of interesting knowledge in
text documents. It is a challenging issue to find accurate
knowledge (or features) in text documents to help users to
find what they want. In the beginning, Information
Retrieval (IR) provided many term-based methods to solve
this challenge, such as Rocchio and probabilistic models [4],
rough set models [23], BM25 and support vector machine
(SVM) [34] based filtering models. 

The advantages of termbased
methods include efficient computational performance
as well as mature theories for term weighting,
which have emerged over the last couple of decades from
the IR and machine learning communities. However, termbased
methods suffer from the problems of polysemy and
synonymy, where polysemy means a word has multiple
meanings, and synonymy is multiple words having the
same meaning. The semantic meaning of many discovered
terms is uncertain for answering what users want.